Update Experience tutorial to 3.3 (#1287)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/tutorials/enterprise_beginner/1_get_a_starter_website.md

Now return to the Back Office and create some content for your website.

> First, you will not be implementing a shop in this tutorial,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you are not implementing a shop in this tutorial,
```

so you can hide shop-related Content items from the project root.

> Go to "Ibexa Digital Experience Platform" under the Content/Content structure tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to **Content** ->  **Content structure** and select "Ibexa Digital Experience Platform" .
```

> In the **Sub-items** section select all the current sub-items,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Sub-items** section, select all the current sub-items
```

> then click Hide selected Location:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and click the **Hide selected Locations** icon:
```

![Hiding Content items you do not need](img/enterprise_tut_hide_content.png)

> Next, make three Folders under "Ibexa Digital Experience Platform". Call them 'All Articles', 'Dog Breed Catalog' and 'All Tips'. Remember that you save and close them by using the 'Publish' button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, make three Folders under "Ibexa Digital Experience Platform". Call them 'All Articles', 'Dog Breed Catalog' and 'All Tips'. 
Remember that you save and close them by using the 'Publish' button.
```
